More tweaks to "Effective Dart"'s design page for null safety. (#3002)
dart-lang/site-www: src/_guides/language/effective-dart/design_migrated.md

can't be initialized until after the instance is constructed. For example, it
may need to reference `this` or some other field on the instance. In cases like
that, consider making the field `late final`. When you do, you may also be able
to [initialize the field at its declaration][init at decl].

> [init at decl]: usage#do-initialize-fields-at-their-declaration-when-possible

Reviewer: We always use the full path, even though I'm not sure it matters any more. (It used to.)

Btw, I plan to make a pass to fix all the _migrated URLs inside of files, so don't worry if you need to use the _migrated URL.

```suggestion
[init at decl]: /guides/language/effective-dart/usage#do-initialize-fields-at-their-declaration-when-possible
```

expression, then don't annotate. In rare cases, the surrounding
context isn't precise enough to provide a type for one or more of the
function's parameters. In those cases, you may need to annotate.
(If the function isn't used immediately, it's usually better to
[make it a named declaration][named local].)

> [named local]: usage#do-use-a-function-declaration-to-bind-a-function-to-a-name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[named local]: /guides/language/effective-dart/usage#do-use-a-function-declaration-to-bind-a-function-to-a-name
```

so, when using a value from one of these APIs, it's often a good idea to cast it
to a more precise type before accessing members.

{{ site.alert.version-note }}

> In code that has not been migrated to null safety yet, use `Object` to accept

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In code that hasn't been migrated to null safety yet, use `Object` to accept
```
